Lewis Group RS, you, don't make me laugh.
Security, remove these two imposters from the premises.
Wait Uncle Jones, give Brian another chance.
Choose, Brian.
Me and the future you deserve, or this...
Fraud.
Gloie, I have everything I ever wanted.
Right here.
In a wooden trade of all the power that looks on me.
Fine.
Short the stock of the Shepherd Group.
What?
You forced my hand, Brian.
Now Shepherd Group has ruined the Duke family.
They can't be serious.
Shepherd Group has doomed.
Brian.
You don't have to do this for me.
Laura.
Now we've never let anyone bully you.
Let alone them.
Thank you, Brian, for believing in me, for protecting me.
Now it's my turn to protect you.
Listen carefully.
I need you to protect the Shepherd Group stock at all costs.
Don't let it drop, even one cent.
Do you understand?
Well, award-winning performance, Laura.
But you can't possibly control the stock.
Want to put your money where your mouth is, Gloie?
If the Shepherd stock holds for the next five minutes, you owe me a public apology.